utilizes the dependent parameters identified in $4.2.2 to guide
the fuzzer in targeted mutations, thereby quickly limiting
the search space of the exploration stage. Angora [24]
introduced a similar technique by performing byte-level
taint analysis on user inputs and then mutating these bytes.
For web applications, we need to manipulate parameter
keys and values by conducting lightweight parameter-to-
condition analysis. At directed fuzzing stage, PREDATOR
first logs the closest basic block to the target during the
web application’s execution. It then mutates the dependent
parameters of this basic block to approach the target via the
block. Specifically, for any branch statement, PREDATOR
identify several dependent parameters during static data-flow
analysis. For the closest branch statement after a round of
fuzzing, PREDATOR will utilize the dependent parameters as
candidate parameter keys for the next round to mutate. By
this means, PREDATOR can guide the fuzzer to fulfill the
specific conditions and reach the target more effectively.
Distance-Guided Probabilistic Mutation. We propose a
distance-guided probabilistic mutation method that combines
the advantages of both dictionary-based methods [16] and
byte stream-based mutation methods [20]. Dictionary-based
mutation methods can help the exploration stage by changing
the decision of a branch statement. However, for the exploita-
tion stage, these methods may be less effective. Specifically,
when utilizing error-based bug oracles, triggering a vulnera-
bility may require a specific attack string, such as a single
quote for SQL injection.
The key idea of our approach is to mainly adopt
dictionary-based mutation methods when the current input
distance is relatively large, and byte stream-based mutation
methods when the distance gets smaller. PREDATOR uses
Formula | to calculate the probability to use the byte stream-
based mutation methods, where Dx, is the input distance
in the current round, Daoz and Dyin are the maximum and
minimum input distances in the previous rounds, respectively.
The probability is higher when the current distance is smaller,
and lower when the current distance is larger. We set the
maximum probability to 90% based on empirical observation,
meaning that the byte stream-based mutation methods will be
applied with a 90% probability when the current distance is 1.
PREDATOR leverages the maximum and minimum distances
to modulate the rate of change in the probability function,
instead of directly employing a linear function. Specifically,
it mostly chooses byte stream-based mutation methods when
the current distance is sufficiently far from the maximum
distance and sufficiently close to the minimum distance.
The three variables, Pr Dmaz, and Dmin, can exhibit
only three possible states in practice. Initially, all are set to
-1, indicating that no basic blocks have been executed. At
runtime, all three values are greater than or equal to | when
at least one path-divergent basic block has been executed,
and the current run also encounters such blocks. If Dey, is -1
while Dmaz and Dyin are no less than 1, it indicates that
basic blocks with distance information have been executed
in previous runs, but no such blocks were encountered in the
current execution. Hence, this function remains valid across
all scenarios.