We evaluate the scalability of PREDATOR
by measuring the static analysis time and the throughput of
directed fuzzing. The static analysis time consists of two
parts: the time spent on the distance calculation and the
time spent on identifying entry URLs and constructing the
TABLE 4: The results of average time to exposure (u7TTE)
comparison. Each application is denoted by an ID, with the specific
correspondence available in Table 3. T:O. indicates that in all ten
attempts, the vulnerability is not triggered within the time budget.
In other cases, a timeout results in a time to exposure of 24 hours.
Runs denotes the number of successfully triggered attempts. We
mark items where PREDATOR shows superior performance and the
p-value is below 0.05 in bold.
input corpus. We compare PREDATOR with Witcher on their
throughputs to examine the impact of selective dynamic
instrumentation. We run each tool for one hour on every
entry URL of each application and take the average as the
throughput, measured in requests per second (req/s). The
dataset contains 10 web applications, excluding those where
neither PREDATOR nor Witcher identified any vulnerabilities.
Results. The results are shown in Table 5. The distance
calculation time is negligible for most applications, except
for OpenEMR, which has a large codebase. The cost for
identifying entry URLs and constructing the input corpus is
also low, except for OpenEMR and ECShop. The time spent
on static analysis is typically less than 1 hour, demonstrating
that it is both fast and scalable. We analyze the relative
difference in fuzzing throughput between PREDATOR and
Witcher. PREDATOR’s throughput relative to Witcher ranges
TABLE 5: The results of static analysis time and fuzzing through-
put.
from 63.82% to 145.03%, where PREDATOR performs better
in half cases. Overall, PREDATOR achieves an average
throughput of 80.07 req/s, while Witcher achieves 78.39 req/s,
differing by 2.14%. This indicates that the additional over-
head introduced by our selective dynamic instrumentation is
low in practice.